what's up guys Nico's techno here this
could be a quick unboxing of the new
iPad Mini that was released today this
is the white model I couldn't decide on
a color so actually pick both up but I
think I'm a good stick with the white
and yeah this is uh the box right here
you know typical apple packaging and
just to compare it to the ipad 3rd
generation box it's quite a bit smaller
as you can see and we'll do a quick
comparison between iPads as well but uh
yeah nice nice nice packaging as usual
and got my red scissor here it's gonna
be this might be the new stable unboxing
tool because I think I used to use a
meat cleaver I don't know that was on my
old channel or if it was just really on
this channel just a couple of years ago
I had meat cleaver and then had like an
army knife anyway I want to be nice and
careful here because I get the feeling
I'm gonna end up returning this to be
honest with you guys I looked at one in
the store and I couldn't look at it for
more than a few seconds because of the
screen to me you know it we all knew it
wasn't going to be retina but you know
from months ago according to rumors but
I don't know if I could go to a non
retina screen after you know staring at
the iphone 5 all day and then you know
my ipad 3rd gens retina so it's hard to
go back to pixilation but i figured
before i return it let me let me give it
a chance because it's a nice size and
it's actually very elegant beautiful
device as you can see so you know I
didn't want to I don't want to roll it
out together it's extremely light I
don't even know what to compare it to I
think they compared it to like a
notebook a notepad and I guess that's
pretty accurate let's put us off for a
second you know typical I'll boxing but
you know you get you actually get the
smaller charger with
you don't get the larger I forget the
capacities but I mean the what is it the
wattage whatever can't think right now
but you get the smaller one like you did
with the iphone and you also get your
typical decide by apple stuff there's
probably a couple stickers and that's
always going to ask about stickers cuz
everybody always wants to know if there
are stickers and they are two stickers
so you gonna get stickers with that so
you don't forget your money's worth when
you purchase an ipad mini since you have
stickers with it now I'm hoping or
rather assuming that the retina model is
going to come out problem probably not
with the new iPad if they who knows
what's going on now because the 4th gen
came out but you also get the Lightning
connector here who knows what their
cycle is now because it just released
the fourth generation regular iPad so
everything's kind of kind of threw us
off there so I'm assuming the next iPad
Mini that was going to be writing this
so yeah we'll see and when this is
retina I think it's going to be perfect
i mean the 7-inch is pretty nice i do
like the large 9.7 but this this is nice
and um with the retina screen it would
be the total package sometimes carrying
that regular ipad on the subway is a
little you know too much anyway here's
the iPad itself and just take a quick
tour you know the front is your typical
you know you got camera the top home
button and on this side you got your
volume buttons no longer a rocker two
separate buttons and they feel they feel
aluminum like the housing they don't
feel plastic and you've got your rock
your switch there
got another camera on the back and at
the top you've got your sleep wake
button should be noise cancelling mic i
believe and your 3.5 millimeter help a
headphone jack at the bottom we've got
stereo speakers or at least that's what
they're saying i was on put that ad up
saying that it didn't have stereo
speakers but you know apples like hold
up because we got that and you also have
the new lightning connector it's go
ahead and powered on real quick this
will notice this nice new bezel shiny
bezel comes on the white model of black
has a black bezel just like the iphone 5
but uh I got a black iphone 5 so figure
to pop the white one open this I think I
like the white white one better the
black if the back were black and the
front were white think it would be
perfect but anyway so there it is I know
if you can pick up oops that's me you
can pick up the pixel density here is
163 pickles pixels per inch so a little
more than the ipad 2 but definitely lice
in the ipad 3 less than the next 7 they
back down 2 512 megabytes of memory
sorry yeah i mean it's pretty much a
smaller ipad 2 on the inside and just
for a quick comparison i'm going to grab
the regular normal size ipad and as you
can see is quite a bit smaller and
definitely a lot lighter so that's it
guys that was quick unboxing the ipad
mini and i will definitely be doing more
videos on this I haven't feeling I might
be a bit disappointed like I said with
the screen but you know it's no surprise
there i'm gonna try to i'm going to try
to learn to love it for what it is but
yeah that's it hope you guys enjoyed the
video please subscribe and i'll see you
guys next one piece